Now that you've reviewed the Robot class,
it's time to interact with it.
In this quiz, you learn how to instantiate a robot object from the Robot class.
This robot will be initialized with random position and orientation.
Then, you learn how to change the robot initial position and orientation.
You may be curious to know where the robot is located,
so you learn how to print its pause.
Following, you learn how to rotate the robot and move it forward into 2D map.
Finally, you learn how to print the distances
from the robot toward each of the eight landmarks.
Scroll down to the main function in the C++ quiz and go through the instructions.
You'll notice some missing values and statements
where you'll be asked to fill them out to simulate robot motion.